PANEL IS HERE.
PANEL IS HERE. PAT McCRORY, THE FOREMAN
PAT McCRORY, THE FOREMAN GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA.
GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA. KASIE HUNT.
KASIE HUNT. AND ROBERT COSTA, THE MODERATOR
AND ROBERT COSTA, THE MODERATOR OF "WASHINGTON WEEK" ON PBS.
OF "WASHINGTON WEEK" ON PBS. KASIE, LET’S UNPACK THE HILL
KASIE, LET’S UNPACK THE HILL BEFORE WE GET TO THE
BEFORE WE GET TO THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE.
PRESIDENTIAL RACE. THE HILL DEBATE IS GOING TO
THE HILL DEBATE IS GOING TO ANIMATE THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE.
ANIMATE THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE. LET ME PLAY NANCY PELOSI ON OMAR
LET ME PLAY NANCY PELOSI ON OMAR FROM FRIDAY.
FROM FRIDAY. >> THE INCIDENT THAT HAPPENED
>> THE INCIDENT THAT HAPPENED WAS, I DON’T THINK OUR COLLEAGUE
WAS, I DON’T THINK OUR COLLEAGUE IS ANTI-SEMITIC.
IS ANTI-SEMITIC. I THINK SHE HAS A DIFFERENT
I THINK SHE HAS A DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE IN THE USE OF WORDS,
EXPERIENCE IN THE USE OF WORDS, DOESN’T UNDERSTAND THAT SOME OF
DOESN’T UNDERSTAND THAT SOME OF THEM ARE FRAUGHT WITH MEANING
THEM ARE FRAUGHT WITH MEANING THAT SHE DIDN’T REALIZE.
THAT SHE DIDN’T REALIZE. BUT NONETHELESS, THAT WE HAD TO
BUT NONETHELESS, THAT WE HAD TO ADDRESS.
ADDRESS. >> I WILL SAY THIS, SPEAKER
>> I WILL SAY THIS, SPEAKER PELOSI HAS GIVEN ME MY NEW
PELOSI HAS GIVEN ME MY NEW FAVORITE EXCUSE, SHE HAS A
FAVORITE EXCUSE, SHE HAS A DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE WITH CHOICE
DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE WITH CHOICE OF WORDS.
OF WORDS. THAT IS ONE OF MY NEW PHRASES.
THAT IS ONE OF MY NEW PHRASES. THIS IS NOT EASY.
THIS IS NOT EASY. >> IT’S NOT EASY, CHUCK.
>> IT’S NOT EASY, CHUCK. ONE THING IF YOU SPEAK WITH
ONE THING IF YOU SPEAK WITH MEMBERS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY,
MEMBERS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, WHO ARE FRUSTRATED HOW THEIR
WHO ARE FRUSTRATED HOW THEIR PARTY HANDLED THIS.
PARTY HANDLED THIS. THERE ARE JEWISH AND NON-JEWISH
THERE ARE JEWISH AND NON-JEWISH THAT ARE UPSET THAT THIS IS AS
THAT ARE UPSET THAT THIS IS AS BROAD AS IT WAS.
BROAD AS IT WAS. SHE SAID ISRAEL WAS HYPNOTIZING
SHE SAID ISRAEL WAS HYPNOTIZING THE WORLD BEFORE SHE WAS IN
THE WORLD BEFORE SHE WAS IN OFFICE.
OFFICE. SHE HAD THE BENJAMINS TWEET THAT
SHE HAD THE BENJAMINS TWEET THAT YOU SHOWED THE AUDIENCE AT THE
YOU SHOWED THE AUDIENCE AT THE TOP OF THE SHOW.
TOP OF THE SHOW. NOW, SHE HAS THIS.
NOW, SHE HAS THIS. EVERY TIME, SHE HAS PLED
EVERY TIME, SHE HAS PLED IGNORANCE OF THESE TROEPS.
IGNORANCE OF THESE TROEPS. BUT THEY’RE TROPES FOR A REASON.
BUT THEY’RE TROPES FOR A REASON. SHE’S PICKING UP ON LANGUAGE
SHE’S PICKING UP ON LANGUAGE THAT IS ANTI-SEMITIC, QUITE
THAT IS ANTI-SEMITIC, QUITE FRANKLY.
FRANKLY. I THINK NANCY PELOSI IS DOING
I THINK NANCY PELOSI IS DOING WHAT SHE HAS VERY CAREFULLY
WHAT SHE HAS VERY CAREFULLY DONE, SINCE THIS NEW CAUCUS HAS
DONE, SINCE THIS NEW CAUCUS HAS COME TOGETHER, WHICH IS TRY TO
COME TOGETHER, WHICH IS TRY TO VERY CAREFULLY THREAD THAT
VERY CAREFULLY THREAD THAT NEEDLE AND TRY TO SEW THESE TWO
NEEDLE AND TRY TO SEW THESE TWO DIFFERENT GENERATIONS TOGETHER.
DIFFERENT GENERATIONS TOGETHER. AND IT’S GETTING HARDER.
AND IT’S GETTING HARDER. >> BUT THERE’S ONLY SO MUCH
>> BUT THERE’S ONLY SO MUCH SPEAKER PELOSI CAN DO.
SPEAKER PELOSI CAN DO. I MET WITH SEASONED VETERANS
I MET WITH SEASONED VETERANS OVER THE LAST WEEK.
OVER THE LAST WEEK. THEY SAID IN THIS DAY AND AGE OF
THEY SAID IN THIS DAY AND AGE OF SOCIAL MEDIA, WHERE SOMEONE LIKE
SOCIAL MEDIA, WHERE SOMEONE LIKE REPRESENTATIVE OMAR CAN HAVE
REPRESENTATIVE OMAR CAN HAVE MILLIONS OF FOLLOWERS, THE OLD
MILLIONS OF FOLLOWERS, THE OLD RULES DON’T APPLY.
RULES DON’T APPLY. AND SO, SPEAKER PELOSI MAY TRY
AND SO, SPEAKER PELOSI MAY TRY TO COBBLE TOGETHER LEGISLATION,
TO COBBLE TOGETHER LEGISLATION, TO SEND A MESSAGE TO VOTERS.
TO SEND A MESSAGE TO VOTERS. BUT THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE
BUT THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE POLITICAL CAPITAL INSIDE THIS
POLITICAL CAPITAL INSIDE THIS PARTY, ARE THOSE WITH A SOCIAL
PARTY, ARE THOSE WITH A SOCIAL MEDIA FOLLOWING.
MEDIA FOLLOWING. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. IF YOU GET OFF SOCIAL MEDIA, THE
IF YOU GET OFF SOCIAL MEDIA, THE WORLD LOOKS NORMAL.
WORLD LOOKS NORMAL. >> FAIRLY DIFFERENT.
>> FAIRLY DIFFERENT. >> BUT IF YOU LIVE ON SOCIAL
>> BUT IF YOU LIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA -- I MEAN, I DON’T MEAN TO
MEDIA -- I MEAN, I DON’T MEAN TO CARRY THIS OVER.
CARRY THIS OVER. THE NBA IS HAVING A PROBLEM.
THE NBA IS HAVING A PROBLEM. ITS PLAYERS ARE MAKING ALL THIS
ITS PLAYERS ARE MAKING ALL THIS MONEY AND THEY’RE DEPRESSED
MONEY AND THEY’RE DEPRESSED BECAUSE THEY LIVE ON SOCIAL
BECAUSE THEY LIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND FEEL EVERY NEGATIVE
MEDIA AND FEEL EVERY NEGATIVE COMMENT AND LIVE IT.
COMMENT AND LIVE IT. THAT’S WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS
THAT’S WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS YOUNGER GENERATION.
YOUNGER GENERATION. >> AND PART OF IT, TOO, IS YOU
>> AND PART OF IT, TOO, IS YOU DON’T KNOW WHO IS TWEETING YOU.
DON’T KNOW WHO IS TWEETING YOU. ARE THEY BOTS OR REAL PEOPLE?
ARE THEY BOTS OR REAL PEOPLE? AND THE CHALLENGE IS, PRESIDENT
AND THE CHALLENGE IS, PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS REALLY DONE A
TRUMP HAS REALLY DONE A FANTASTIC JOB, COMMUNICATING TO
FANTASTIC JOB, COMMUNICATING TO A BROADER AUDIENCE BASED ON HIS
A BROADER AUDIENCE BASED ON HIS TWEETS.
TWEETS. AND IT’S TOE-TO-TOE WITH A
AND IT’S TOE-TO-TOE WITH A GENERATION THAT EXPECTS THEY’RE
GENERATION THAT EXPECTS THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE THEIR BREAKING
GOING TO HAVE THEIR BREAKING NEWS, NOT ON "THE NEW YORK
NEWS, NOT ON "THE NEW YORK TIMES," BUT THROUGH A TWEET.
TIMES," BUT THROUGH A TWEET. AND YOU DON’T HAVE TO HAVE THE
AND YOU DON’T HAVE TO HAVE THE ACCURATE LITERACY, OF, IS THIS
ACCURATE LITERACY, OF, IS THIS ACCURATE?
ACCURATE? THAT’S A CHALLENGE.
THAT’S A CHALLENGE. >> AS A FORMER MAYOR AND
>> AS A FORMER MAYOR AND GOVERNOR, I THOUGHT THAT
GOVERNOR, I THOUGHT THAT RESOLUTIONS WITHOUT ACTIONS WERE
RESOLUTIONS WITHOUT ACTIONS WERE EMPTY GESTURES.
EMPTY GESTURES. AND THIS RESOLUTION WAS AN EMPTY
AND THIS RESOLUTION WAS AN EMPTY GESTURE, WHICH TRIED TO PLEASE
GESTURE, WHICH TRIED TO PLEASE EVERYONE AND ENDED UP PLEASING
EVERYONE AND ENDED UP PLEASING NO ONE.
NO ONE. BUT THE PROBLEM WITH THE
BUT THE PROBLEM WITH THE DEMOCRATS, WITH THESE NEW
DEMOCRATS, WITH THESE NEW MILLENNIALS, I CALL THEM THE AOC
MILLENNIALS, I CALL THEM THE AOC MILLENNIALS, NOT ONLY DO THEY
MILLENNIALS, NOT ONLY DO THEY THINK THEY HAVE THE ANSWERS,
THINK THEY HAVE THE ANSWERS, THEY THINK THEY ALREADY HAVE
THEY THINK THEY ALREADY HAVE WISDOM.
WISDOM. AND THE NANCY PELOSIS OF THE
AND THE NANCY PELOSIS OF THE WORLD HAVE WISDOM.
WORLD HAVE WISDOM. AND THEY ARE TRYING TO EXPLAIN
AND THEY ARE TRYING TO EXPLAIN TO THE YOUNGER PEOPLE, WAIT, I’M
TO THE YOUNGER PEOPLE, WAIT, I’M THE OLD PERSON.
THE OLD PERSON. AND YOU CANNOT MAKE THAT
AND YOU CANNOT MAKE THAT ARGUMENT.
ARGUMENT. >> THERE ARE SOME MILLENNIALS AT
>> THERE ARE SOME MILLENNIALS AT THIS TABLE.
THIS TABLE. >> BRING IT ON, KASIE.
>> BRING IT ON, KASIE. >> HONESTLY, I THINK THE LEADERS
>> HONESTLY, I THINK THE LEADERS CAN LEARN SOMETHING FROM THE
CAN LEARN SOMETHING FROM THE NEWER -- I TAKE YOUR POINT THAT,
NEWER -- I TAKE YOUR POINT THAT, YOU KNOW, THEY HAVE NOT HAD THE
YOU KNOW, THEY HAVE NOT HAD THE KIND OF EXPERIENCE IN GOVERNMENT
KIND OF EXPERIENCE IN GOVERNMENT AND I THINK TO A CERTAIN EXTENT,
AND I THINK TO A CERTAIN EXTENT, THERE ARE GOING TO BE
THERE ARE GOING TO BE CONSEQUENCES FOR SOME OF THE
CONSEQUENCES FOR SOME OF THE ACTIONS THEY TAKE ON SOCIAL
ACTIONS THEY TAKE ON SOCIAL MEDIA, IN THE UNIVERSE OF TRYING
MEDIA, IN THE UNIVERSE OF TRYING TO GET THINGS DONE.
TO GET THINGS DONE. BUT ON THE OTHER HAND, I THINK
BUT ON THE OTHER HAND, I THINK THE OLD GUARD DOESN’T REALLY
THE OLD GUARD DOESN’T REALLY UNDERSTAND THE POWER OF WHAT
UNDERSTAND THE POWER OF WHAT THEY BRING.
THEY BRING. >> BY THE WAY, GUYS, I WANT TO
>> BY THE WAY, GUYS, I WANT TO INSERT SOMEBODY INTO HERE REALLY
INSERT SOMEBODY INTO HERE REALLY QUICKLY.
QUICKLY. "THE TIMES" SET IT UP WELL.
"THE TIMES" SET IT UP WELL. "THE TIMES" SAID, THIS IS A
"THE TIMES" SAID, THIS IS A DEBATE IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
DEBATE IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. DO AMERICANS PINE FOR A
DO AMERICANS PINE FOR A PRE-TRUMP EQUILIBRIUM?
PRE-TRUMP EQUILIBRIUM? OR DO THE YAWNING DISPARITIES OF
OR DO THE YAWNING DISPARITIES OF THESE TIMES CALL OUT FOR A MORE
THESE TIMES CALL OUT FOR A MORE TRANSFORMATIONAL ADMINISTRATION?
TRANSFORMATIONAL ADMINISTRATION? >> THAT.
>> THAT. ABSOLUTELY THAT.
ABSOLUTELY THAT. >> NOW, LISTEN TO AOC YESTERDAY.
>> NOW, LISTEN TO AOC YESTERDAY. LISTEN TO THIS.
LISTEN TO THIS. >> MODERATE IS NOT A STANCE.
>> MODERATE IS NOT A STANCE. IT’S JUST AN ATTITUDE TOWARD
IT’S JUST AN ATTITUDE TOWARD LIFE OF, LIKE --
LIFE OF, LIKE -- THE MEH IS LIKE WORSHIPED NOW
THE MEH IS LIKE WORSHIPED NOW FOR WHAT?
FOR WHAT? >> I REST MY CASE.
>> I REST MY CASE. BUT THE POINT I WANT TO MAKE IS
BUT THE POINT I WANT TO MAKE IS THERE’S ANOTHER ISSUE THAT
THERE’S ANOTHER ISSUE THAT BROUGHT OUT THE AOC MILLENNIALS
BROUGHT OUT THE AOC MILLENNIALS AGAINST THE TRADITIONAL LIBERAL
AGAINST THE TRADITIONAL LIBERAL DEMOCRATS.
DEMOCRATS. THAT WAS AMAZON.
THAT WAS AMAZON. CUOMO
CUOMO CUOMO, ONE OF THE MOST LIBERAL
CUOMO, ONE OF THE MOST LIBERAL MAYORS OF NEW YORK CITY WE’VE
MAYORS OF NEW YORK CITY WE’VE EVER HAD, GAVE TAX BREAKS TO A
EVER HAD, GAVE TAX BREAKS TO A MAJOR MULTIBILLION-DOLLAR AOC
MAJOR MULTIBILLION-DOLLAR AOC FOUGHT IT.
FOUGHT IT. THE $2 BILLION DIDN’T EXIST.
THE $2 BILLION DIDN’T EXIST. SHE DIDN’T HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE
SHE DIDN’T HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE NECESSARY OF THE ECONOMY.
NECESSARY OF THE ECONOMY. NOW, PHILOSOPHY, THAT’S A GOOD
NOW, PHILOSOPHY, THAT’S A GOOD ARGUMENT.
ARGUMENT. THAT’S ALSO SHOWING THE DIVISION
THAT’S ALSO SHOWING THE DIVISION IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. >> I THINK THAT WHAT MILLENNIALS
>> I THINK THAT WHAT MILLENNIALS ARE FEELING IS THEY ARE FEELING
ARE FEELING IS THEY ARE FEELING FROM THEIR EXPERIENCE.
FROM THEIR EXPERIENCE. THEY KNOW THAT SOMETHING IS OFF.
THEY KNOW THAT SOMETHING IS OFF. THEY KNOW THEIR EXPERIENCE THAT
THEY KNOW THEIR EXPERIENCE THAT THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE A
THEY’RE GOING TO HAVE A GUARANTEED BRIGHTER FUTURE THAN
GUARANTEED BRIGHTER FUTURE THAN THEIR PARENTS IS NOT GOING TO
THEIR PARENTS IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. >> IT’S BROKEN.
>> IT’S BROKEN. >> IT’S BROKEN.
>> IT’S BROKEN. >> IT USED TO BE, IF YOU WORKED
>> IT USED TO BE, IF YOU WORKED HARD AND YOU FOLLOWED THE ETHICS
HARD AND YOU FOLLOWED THE ETHICS OF YOUR PARENTS, YOU WOULD END
OF YOUR PARENTS, YOU WOULD END UP WORKING FOR A COMPANY THAT
UP WORKING FOR A COMPANY THAT WOULD TAKE CARE OF YOU FOR A
WOULD TAKE CARE OF YOU FOR A LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. THAT’S NOT THE CASE ANYMORE.
THAT’S NOT THE CASE ANYMORE. IT IS SIMPLY NOT THE CASE.
IT IS SIMPLY NOT THE CASE. >> IT’S BIGGER THAN AGE.
>> IT’S BIGGER THAN AGE. THE POINT REPRESENTATIVE CORTEZ
THE POINT REPRESENTATIVE CORTEZ IS MAKING, IS THAT THE
IS MAKING, IS THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY NEEDS TO MOVE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY NEEDS TO MOVE TO THE LEFT.
TO THE LEFT. YOU LOOK AT THIS 2020
YOU LOOK AT THIS 2020 PRESIDENTIAL RACE, WHERE IS THE
PRESIDENTIAL RACE, WHERE IS THE ENERGY?
ENERGY? FUND-RAISING, BERNIE SANDERS.
FUND-RAISING, BERNIE SANDERS. HE’S IN HIS UPPER 70s.
HE’S IN HIS UPPER 70s. YET, HE’S THE RUNNER-UP FROM ’16
YET, HE’S THE RUNNER-UP FROM ’16 AND HE’S SAYING TO PEOPLE LIKE
AND HE’S SAYING TO PEOPLE LIKE THE REPRESENTATIVE OF NEW YORK,
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF NEW YORK, I’M YOUR TYPE OF CANDIDATE.
I’M YOUR TYPE OF CANDIDATE. I’M NOT A MEH CANDIDATE, TO USE
I’M NOT A MEH CANDIDATE, TO USE HER TERM.
HER TERM. >> IT TAKES TWO 75-PLUS-YEAR-OLD
>> IT TAKES TWO 75-PLUS-YEAR-OLD GUYS TO HAVE AN ARGUMENT BETWEEN
GUYS TO HAVE AN ARGUMENT BETWEEN THIS GENERATIONAL ARGUMENT HERE.
THIS GENERATIONAL ARGUMENT HERE. ARE THEY PLACE HOLDERS FOR NOW
ARE THEY PLACE HOLDERS FOR NOW UNTIL THE YOUNGER GENERATION
UNTIL THE YOUNGER GENERATION GETS MORE GRASS ROOTS SUPPORT?
GETS MORE GRASS ROOTS SUPPORT? >> I THINK THAT EVERYBODY IS
>> I THINK THAT EVERYBODY IS WAITING IN THE WINGS IN LARGE
WAITING IN THE WINGS IN LARGE PART BECAUSE THEY ARE WAITING
PART BECAUSE THEY ARE WAITING FOR WETBETO TO ANNOUNCE.
FOR WETBETO TO ANNOUNCE. ALL OF THE DEMOCRATS THAT ARE
ALL OF THE DEMOCRATS THAT ARE TRYING TO MOVE TO THE LEFT, HE
TRYING TO MOVE TO THE LEFT, HE HAS NOT NECESSARILY SAID HE IS.
HAS NOT NECESSARILY SAID HE IS. AND HE’S MORE PALATABLE TO THE
AND HE’S MORE PALATABLE TO THE INDEPENDENTS.
INDEPENDENTS. AND HE’S DONE THAT IN AN
AND HE’S DONE THAT IN AN INTERESTING WAY.
INTERESTING WAY. IF YOU ASK HIM WHERE HIS
IF YOU ASK HIM WHERE HIS POLICIES ARE, THEY’RE NOT ON THE
POLICIES ARE, THEY’RE NOT ON THE LEFT.
LEFT. >> IF THERE’S A CRITICISM ON
>> IF THERE’S A CRITICISM ON BETO, YOU DON’T KNOW WHERE HE
BETO, YOU DON’T KNOW WHERE HE STANDS.
STANDS. >> ALL OF THE LEFT-WING STANCES,
>> ALL OF THE LEFT-WING STANCES, THE GREEN PLAN, WHERE THE
THE GREEN PLAN, WHERE THE MILLENNIALS REALIZE THEY HAVE TO
MILLENNIALS REALIZE THEY HAVE TO HAVE EMERGENCY AND POWER AT AN
HAVE EMERGENCY AND POWER AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE, THEY WILL FIND
AFFORDABLE PRICE, THEY WILL FIND OUT THAT ENERGY IS NOT CHEAP.
OUT THAT ENERGY IS NOT CHEAP. YOU NEED ENERGY TO SURVIVE.
YOU NEED ENERGY TO SURVIVE. AND THE REALITY IS GOING TO WAKE
AND THE REALITY IS GOING TO WAKE THEM UP SOME TIME.
THEM UP SOME TIME. >> THIS IS A CONVERSATION THAT